docs: remove svelte 5's preview status in performance (#12864)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/40-best-practices/05-performance.md

### Svelte version

> We recommend running the latest version of Svelte. Svelte 5 is smaller and faster than Svelte 4. Svelte 4 is smaller and faster than Svlete 3. So, keeping up-to-date (v5) is the best way to enhance performance!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend running the latest version of Svelte. Svelte 5 is smaller and faster than Svelte 4, which is smaller and faster than Svelte 3.
```
